# Betclic QA Automation Project

## Overview
This project is designed to automate the testing of the Betclic website using Selenium and Java. The project uses Cucumber for behavior-driven development (BDD) and Maven for build automation. The tests can be executed with Maven, and the results are accessible via an HTML report generated by Cucumber or through Allure for more detailed reports.

## Prerequisites
- Java JDK (version 8 or higher)
- Maven (version 3.6.3 or higher)
- Google Chrome (or other supported browsers)
- Allure Commandline (for generating Allure reports)

## Project Structure
The project is structured as follows:

- `src/main/java`: Contains the main Java code for the project.
- `src/test/java`: Contains the test code.
- `src/test/resources`: Contains the Cucumber feature files.

## Installation
### Clone the Repository
```sh
git clone <https://github.com/brunonf15/betclick>
cd <betclick>
```

### Install Dependencies
```sh
mvn clean install
```

### Install Allure Commandline
Follow the instructions [here](https://docs.qameta.io/allure/#_installing_a_commandline) to install Allure.

## Running Tests
To execute the tests, use the following Maven command:
```sh
mvn clean test
```

## Viewing Reports
### Cucumber HTML Report
After running the tests, the Cucumber HTML report can be accessed at:
```bash
target/cucumber/report.html
```

### Allure Report
To generate and view the Allure report:
#### Generate Allure Report
```sh
allure serve target/surefire-reports
```
This command will start a local server and open the Allure report in your default web browser.

## Detailed Project Components
- `ConfigureBrowsers.java`: This class configures and manages WebDriver instances for different browsers.
- `HomePage.java`: This class contains methods to interact with the homepage of the Betclic website, such as accepting cookies and navigating through different sports tabs.
- `TestRunner.java`: This class is the entry point for running Cucumber tests, configured to generate reports in different formats (HTML, JUnit XML, JSON).
- `Steps.java`: This class defines the step definitions for the Cucumber scenarios, including navigation and assertions for the Betclic website.

## Writing New Test Cases
To write new test cases, follow these steps:
1. Create a new feature file in the `src/test/resources/features` directory.
2. Define your scenarios using Gherkin syntax.
3. Add step definitions in the `Steps.java` class if they don't already exist.
4. Run the tests using the Maven command mentioned above.

## Contact
For questions or feedback, please contact [brunonf15@gmail.com].